    What statement do we use to indicate the start of a function definition in Python?
        def function_name():
            #code here
    How should you name a function?
        you should always choose a function name which explains as simply as accurately as possible what the function does
    How do you call a function in Python?
        function_name()
    How do you refer to a function without calling it in Python?
        refer = function_name
    Does the order of the function definitons matter in Python? Why?
        you have to make sure that def of function is higher than call
    What are input parameters?
        
    What is the difference between input parameters and local variables in Python?
    What does the return keyword do in Python?
    What if we don't assign the return value of a function to a variable in Python?
    Can you return multiple values from a function in Python?
    What does unpacking mean in Python?
    What happens when you try to assign the result of a function which has no return statement to a variable in Python?
    What is the call stack?
    What do we call a recursion?
    What is a stack overflow?
    What is the function signature?
        The combination of the function name and the number of parameters that it takes
    Can you have two different functions with the same particular name defined in Python?
    How do you make parameters optional in Python?
    What is the difference between positional and keyword parameters in Python?
        keyword parameters – we can explicitly specify the parameter names along with the values
        print(make_greeting(title="Mr", name="John", surname="Smith"))
        print(make_greeting("Mr"(positional), "John", surname="Smith"(keyword)))
    What can we do by putting an * or a ** before a parameter name in the function signature in Python?
    What can we do by putting an * or a ** before a sequence or dictionary variable when passing it as an argument to a function in Python?